CSS Text Shadow Lab

In this lab, we aim to gain a hands-on understanding of the CSS text-shadow property. We will achieve this by creating an HTML page with a heading that has a particular text shadow effect applied to it. This effect provides a shadow of color #5f5f5f, has a horizontal and vertical offset of 2px, and a blur radius of 4px. The heading's text color will be set to #ef534f.

Concepts
Briefly, the concepts required to complete this lab includes understanding the CSS text-shadow property and how to apply it to HTML elements.
Also, you need to know how to manipulate the color of text using CSS.
The text-shadow CSS property applies a shadow to text. This property requires four values:
The horizontal-offset which tells the horizontal distance of the shadow from the text.
The vertical-offset gives the vertical distance of the shadow.
blur-radius controls the amount of blur.
The color of the shadow.
The color property in CSS dictates the color of an HTML element, in our case, a text element.

Steps
Here's how to reach our outlined goal:
Create a basic HTML structure with an html, head, and body tags.
Inside the body tag, add an h1 tag with the id main-heading.
Set the content of the h1 tag to 'Codedamn CSS Lab'.
Inside the head tag, create a style tag.
Within this style tag, target your h1 tag using the id main-heading.
Now, apply a text-shadow effect to this heading.
Make sure that your shadow's color is #5f5f5f and the horizontal and vertical offset is 2px.
Don't forget to set the blur radius to 4px.
Next, change the text color of your main heading to #ef534f.

Examples
Here's a basic example of applying text-shadow property:
h1 {
	 text-shadow: 2px 2px 2px blue;
}
In the example above, we have applied a text-shadow of color blue, with a horizontal and vertical offset of 2px to the h1 tag.


Hints
Remember, all relevant styles should be placed within the style tag in the head of your HTML.
To set the color of your text, use the color property.
Don't forget to use the # before your color values, they represent hexadecimal colors in CSS.
Blur radius in the text-shadow property is optional. If you don't specify it, the shadow will be sharp.
